Update agent_dvr.markdown (#35374)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/agent_dvr.markdown

[Agent DVR](https://www.ispyconnect.com/download.aspx/) is a free* software DVR solution for Windows 10, Mac and Linux. Agent DVR runs as a service or console application and can access and control a huge range of third party cameras with advanced motion detection, including DeepStack integration for object recognition. The iSpyConnect website provides secured (SSL) remote access without port forwarding needed.

> You can add Agent DVR via integrations using the IP address and port of the server, e.g.,: `http://192.168.1.3:8090/`. If you have "Protect API" turned on in your Agent DVR server configuration, you can supply the username and password as part of the URL, e.g. `http://username:password@192.168.1.3:8090`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Agent DVR via integrations using the IP address and port of the server, like: `http://192.168.1.3:8090/`. If you have "Protect API" turned on in your Agent DVR server configuration, you can supply the username and password as part of the URL, for example, `http://username:password@192.168.1.3:8090`.
```
